#summary Classic Warfare Summary

= Introduction =
Warfare is a blend of a team-based multiplayer mission and realtime strategy, where BLUFOR and OPFOR fight for the island control. Key objectives are to capture towns, defend your base and destroy the base of enemy. Both sides are lead by a commander, who influences his side's strategy. There are two kinds of resources: Supply points are used by the commander for building factories. Money is used to purchase weapons, units and vehicles.

=== Upgrades ===
To be able to purchase higher levels of equipment or units, the factories need to be upgraded by the commander. The commander will need both cash and supply points to do this. He may ask for contributions from other team players to help out. Each factory has 3 levels.

=== Supplies ===
Each captured town has an Actual and Potential Value. On the map you will see this represented as 2 numbers seperated by a / for example; Zelenogorsk, once captured will start as 30/120. This means that the current supplies to each player from this town is $30 per minute. Each time a supply truck arrives at the town depot its value will increase by 10. Remember though, the supply truck must be either fully loaded from the HQ or a Supply point or, have come from a town with a higher actual value. you will also receive 4 x the actual value as cash if you or one of your squad drives the truck. Supply runs should be the responsibility of all. The best way to win Warfare is to work together capping and then supping up the town before moving to another.

=== Factories ===
The commander builds a base. Each side starts with one Mobile Headqarters (MHQ). This is a vehicle the commander can use to build th headquarters (HQ) anywhere on the map. After the HQ is built, other buildings can be constructed. Only the commander can build factories and defenses around the base using the HQ. The HQ can also be packed up back as MHQ again and moved to another location.

=== Warfare Team ===
All players and AI soldiers can buy subordinates, equipment and vehicles from the main base as well as some vehicles from the captured town forts. You can access all available facilities through the Purchase interface from inside the main base perimeter or anywhere on the map once a Command Center has been erected. Accessible supply factories are indicated by icons on right edge of the screen. If a Barracks has been built, select the Purchase Gear button to purchase weapons and ammunition. The equipment you purchase here will also be your starting kit when you respawn. In Purchase Units button, you will find a list of unit type icons along the top. Here you can buy empty or manned units from soldiers to aircraft.

=== Commander ===
The Commander can be controlled either by player or by AI. He has access to extra resources and abilities: developing the base, setting objectives for teams, and defining the strategy of your side.

=== Voting ===
After starting the warfare mission, you are confronted with the Vote Commander screen. Click on any name in the player list to cast your vote. If you join a game that has already started, you will not see the Vote Commander screen. A new vote for a new Commander can be started anytime using the Vote option in the Options interface. The commander assigns a mission and a role to a team leader, whether it be AI or human player. The role can include the type of equipment and vehicles the AI teams will use. Players have control of what they will use in their team. Mission is the task for the team to perform. You may disable the Commander Vote Pop-up in the Team Menu.

== Weapon Balance ==

*Light Factory Balance*
---------------------------------------
|| *Side/Unit*    ||  *Cost* || *UpgradeLevel* || *ChangedLoadout* ||  
|| OPFOR   ||       ||              ||                ||
|| BLUEFOR ||       ||              ||                ||
|| Avenger || 1200  || 2            ||                ||
|| Stryker_M2 || 1650 ||1 ||  ||
|| Stryker_Mk19 || 1950 ||1 ||  ||

*Heavy Factory Balance*
---------------------------------------
|| *Side/Unit* || *Cost* || *UpgradeLevel* || *ChangedLoadout* ||
|| OPFOR || || || || 
|| BLUEFOR || || || ||
|| M6_Linebacker || 6200 || 2 || -8Stingers +8Sidewinders ||
|| Stryker_TOW || 2650 || 0 || ||
|| Stryker_MGS || 2950 || 0 || ||

*Air Facoty Balance*
---------------------------------------
_ALL COMBAT JET AVAILABLE ONLY ON 3 LEVEL_

|| *Side/Unit* || *Cost* || *UpgradeLevel* || *ChangedLoadout* ||
||OPFOR || || || ||
|| Ka52     || 29000 || 2 || -8 vikhr, +8 ataka ||
|| Ka52Black|| 32000 || 3 || -8 vikhr, +8 ataka, +2 R73 ||
|| Su34     || 45000 || 3 || ||
|| Su39     || 42400 || 3 || ||
|| L39      || 27700 || 3 || ||
|| su25takistan || 42400  || 3 || ||
|| An-2     ||  7200 || 1 || +4 FAB-250 +60 Flares ||
|| || || || ||
|| BLUEFOR || || || ||
|| AH1Z     || 33000 || 2 || ||
|| AH64D    || 30000 || 2 || ||
|| F35      || 41500 || 2 || -2GBU +2Mavericks ||
|| A-10     || 42500 || 3 || ||
|| AH1 Apache BAF  || 28500 || 2 || ||