#summary Introduction to Warfare Bomba Edition

= Introduction =

This page describe main features of Warfare Bomba Edition.

_Also read [Introduction Introduction to Classic Warfare]_

=== Gameplay: Aircrafts ===
 * The ability to buy planes only in the airport hangar;
 * Ability can refuel, rearm in the hangars of the airport;
 * Aircraft Flares are only available after upgrading.
 * Camera follow to missiles shooted from aircraft (Settings: Default Off)

=== Gameplay: Artillery ===
 * Notification when the target is out of range or how many art weapons can hit a target.
 * Trace the flight shell, taking into account the terrain. Shell can not reach the goal if faced with the surface
 * Use either low or high ballistic trajectory of a Shell (settings).
 * When using a low ballistic artillery becomes less cheat.
 **    To successfully hit a target you want to borrow and to place artillery on the heights;
 **    This makes it easy to place bases in areas inaccessible or difficult accessible to artillery, for example in canyons (Takistan)
 * Fix: Artillery does not work with latest beta patch.

=== Gameplay: Bounty Hunters ===
 * When a player kills a player's opponent (not AI), the player receives reward, which amounts to 5-15% killed player cash (depending on player scored at the time), and the killed player loses paid a reward. 
 * The maximum reward is $ 5000. 
 * In case of the killed player cash less than $ 1000 - money is not paid.

 * If a player kills a player, the player loses 10% of their money as compensation for killed player. Minimum compensation of $ 500. 

 * The reward for killing enemy commander: 75% cash commander. Killed player loses the paid reward. 
 * The reward for the destruction of the enemy's HQ: $ 25000 
 * The reward for the destruction of the enemy's factory: $ 5000

=== Gameplay: Protecting Factories ===
 * Protection depend how much product 'Stones' hold factory stock. So player can buy product 'Stones' at city and sell it at factory.
 * The more product 'Stones' contain plant the stronger the protection of the factory. 
 * Protection applies only to factories which contains stones, not all plants side. 
 * The strength increases by 100% for every 100 tons, which are stored in a factory warehouse; 
 * When attacking factories amount of stones is reduced by the amount of damage;
 * Restrictions on the maximum level of protection not - depends on the quantity of stones in stock;
 
 * Factory without stones in stock, destroyed as usual with a 1-2 SMAW;
 * Factory with 100t of stones has increased strength by 2 times and destroyed with a 2-4 SMAW;
 * Factory with 200t of stones has increased strength by 3 times and destroyed with a 3-5 SMAW;


=== Supplies Purchase / Sale ===
 * The commander can buy and sell supplies from headquarters.
 * HQ may sell only supplies. Other products are not available for trading.
 * Only the commander can unload supplies from the HQ in the truck;
 * Any player can sell supplies to any factory (amount is added to the total supply of player team)
 * Any player can buy and sell supplies to the market in any city.


=== Buy Vehicles and Units ===
 * The cost of equipment depends on the availability of stock factory necessary for its production of goods.
 * Sell the goods in a warehouse can significantly reduce the price of technology.
 * Goods consumed when player buy vehicles or units at this plant.
 * The price includes the equipment cost of a unit (calculated dynamically based on current prices)
 
=== Player Role ===
 * The ability to buy necessary role in the barracks:
 * In the last section (where the compass, map, etc.) - to buy personal DogTags.
 * Role is activated only when unit equipping a backpack and personal DogTags (scout, medic, engineer, hacker, commander).
 * Units that can not carry backpacks can buy role, but can not use it, what will be warned about the absence of the required backpack.


=== Towns ===
 * The commander can build a base in the city. 
 * The plant was built in the city provides discounts of 10-30% (depending on the current maximum SV and SV may be provided by city) 

 * Players can buy soldiers lekuyu and heavy equipment in a central warehouse of any captured the city (with plants of the appropriate type). 
 * Cost increases depending on how far the plant (+25% for every 1000m) (the cost of transport costs for express delivery). 
 * Simple construction of the city's defense. Any player can create static capacity in the captured city without a repair truck. 


=== Construction Menu ===
 * A more accurate placement of elements in the construction menu.
 * More is impossible to build something in a different building. But it is possible to construct a near minimum distance.
 * Fix: Commander can restore MHQ or build something, if the commander opened the construction menu and this time the headquarters had been destroyed;
 * Fix: Disabled opportunity to build outside the area of construction;
 * Fix: Disabled bug that made it possible to build a defense or factory buildings, at the positions marked as unavailable for stoitelstva (red or gray);
 
 * If the enemy is present in the city, the menu simple construction of the city's defense blocked for 5 minutes.
 * Mission parameter defined who can put a simple defense of the city: Nobody, Only the engineers, Anybody;
 * Commander can put camouflage tent on top of other objects;


=== Trade ===
 * Ability to buy / sell various kinds of goods on the market.
 * The market is available in the central bunker of any city, headquarters or factories;
 * All prices are different in different cities, the smaller the stock status of the higher cost of purchase / sale.
 * Each city produces some product quantities. A rate of production is arbitrary for each type of product for each city.
 * The price of the goods is not quite random - it depends on the price of goods in neighboring towns, and the volume of goods in the warehouse of the current city.
 
 * Vehicles can carry different amounts of load: depends on the type of transport;
 * Any player can capture the traffic of other players or the enemy and sell a product which is contained in this transport.
 * When a player dies or lost transport all the goods lost

== Fixed Bugs ==
 * Fix: Do not display results at the end of the game;
 * Fix: Disable the capture of target only during the motion of the tanks and the selected gun D81 and M256. 
 * Fix: Bug with patrols. Patrols does not appear due script error;
 * Many scripts was optimized to increase perfomance. Less server lags, more game fun.


== Weapon Balance ==

*Light Factory Balance*
---------------------------------------
|| *Side/Unit*    ||  *Cost* || *UpgradeLevel* || *ChangedLoadout* ||  
|| OPFOR   ||       ||              ||                ||
|| BLUEFOR ||       ||              ||                ||
|| Avenger || 1200  || 2            ||                ||
|| Stryker_M2 || 1650 ||1 ||  ||
|| Stryker_Mk19 || 1950 ||1 ||  ||

*Heavy Factory Balance*
---------------------------------------
|| *Side/Unit* || *Cost* || *UpgradeLevel* || *ChangedLoadout* ||
|| OPFOR || || || || 
|| BLUEFOR || || || ||
|| M6_Linebacker || 6200 || 2 || -8Stingers +8Sidewinders ||
|| Stryker_TOW || 2650 || 0 || ||
|| Stryker_MGS || 2950 || 0 || ||

*Air Facoty Balance*
---------------------------------------
_ALL COMBAT JET AVAILABLE ONLY ON 3 LEVEL_

|| *Side/Unit* || *Cost* || *UpgradeLevel* || *ChangedLoadout* ||
||OPFOR || || || ||
|| Ka52     || 29000 || 2 || -8 vikhr, +8 ataka ||
|| Ka52Black|| 32000 || 3 || -8 vikhr, +8 ataka, +2 R73 ||
|| Su34     || 45000 || 3 || ||
|| Su39     || 42400 || 3 || ||
|| L39      || 27700 || 3 || ||
|| su25takistan || 42400  || 3 || ||
|| An-2     ||  7200 || 1 || +4 FAB-250 +60 Flares ||
|| || || || ||
|| BLUEFOR || || || ||
|| AH1Z     || 33000 || 2 || ||
|| AH64D    || 30000 || 2 || ||
|| F35      || 41500 || 2 || -2GBU +2Mavericks ||
|| A-10     || 42500 || 3 || ||
|| AH1 Apache BAF  || 28500 || 2 || ||